scene5

#
The following day after school, in the literature club room.
I’m waiting alone in the club room, but there’s no sign of senpai coming.
The small room is filled with suffocating silence, and the sound of the rain falling outside can be heard strangely loud.
A grey sky peeks through the window.
It’s the first time she hasn’t come to club activity.
The literature club is very laid-back. Rather than a club activity, it’d be more correct to call it an after-school hangout, and that's exactly why I’m worried about her.
I wonder if she has come to school.
I’m worried, but I don’t know what to do.
Even if I asked if her body is okay, she’d act as if nothing happened, so I wouldn’t be able to say anything else.
Frustration builds up and turns into irritation.
All I can think of is senpai, and that shadow that caught my eye.
The shadow that jumped out of the ground and probably ripped off her wrist before disappearing into the ground again.
Just what was that thing?　And why would she try to keep its existence hidden?　Should I also act like I saw nothing?
My head rummages through my memories and pulls out the nationwide serial murder case. On the news, the number of casualties has increased by one again.
Naturally, I connect the two incidents in my head.
Isn’t the shadow the one attacking people all over the country, and not an ordinary murderer?
If that were the case, it would explain why it has been so difficult to track down the criminal, as well as why the crimes are spread across the country.
That could explain it.
Is that possible?　What was that shadow in the first place? Was it really there?
Maybe what senpai said about tripping is true, and the shadow has just been a product of my imagination.
It’s too confusing. Any speculation is like trying to grasp the sky.
The only thing I can be sure of is that we’re in a dangerously suspicious and mysterious situation.
There’s no point in thinking about it, so I leave the clubroom. I take out my smartphone from my pocket to see the time, but there’s no news from senpai.
As I’m walking in the cloudy weather, something crawls up my neck.
The sensation makes me want to scream, but I barely manage to hold back. Maybe an insect or something?
I try to wipe my nape with my hand, but I can’t get rid of that feeling. My neck is wet.
The shuddering comes up to my ear.
#??
"Tonight, it will rain."
#
I’m shivering. A voice that sounds like it’s coming from the depths of the earth makes my eardrums vibrate.
#??
“At the time of the boar I shall await at the door of your dwelling.”
#
Something pops in my ear. When I cautiously touch my ear, my fingertips are wet.
What has just happened?
Fear like I have never felt before overcomes me. I feel like I’ve been touched by something I shouldn't have knowledge of, by something I should have never heard.
How come I keep meeting things like these?　I don’t understand.
All I can piece together is that something supernatural is haunting the town, and it seems to be trying to get in touch with me.
I’m caught in something, and the fact that senpai was attacked yesterday must be part of that.
With uneasiness in my heart, I walk back home with heavy steps.
